CodaEA is Copyright 2022-2023 The Parallel Revolution LLC
All Rights Reserved
https://www.codaea.io

Coda Error Analysis is a tool to support the new discipline of Error Code Analysis.  With Visual Studio, 
we have released a CodaEA Client called CodaEAClientVSIX.  This tool allows you to directly access the CodaEA
community knowledge base on that error code, post interactions with the community, and receive notifications
when solutions occur.

Further, if you also participate in Cardano Cryptocurrencies, you can earn rewards for your activities in the
form of CodaCOIN Tokens and Badge NFTs delivered to your wallet.

In order to get started, select Tools / Configure CodaEA.  If you have an existing Account, paste its API Key
and select which environment to use.  Otherwise, click Register, and you can sign up and be ready in just a few
minutes!  A valid email address is required.

For full and up-to-date documentation, please reference:

https://github.com/info-tpr/CodaEA/blob/main/CodaClient_VSIX.md

IMPORTANT NOTES:

1.  CodaEA is currently in Beta Testing.  Your input is crucial to helping shape the future of this valuable
    service!  If you have any suggestions or feedback, you can join our Discord at https://discord.gg/ecaz5C4mCv
    or email us at coda@theparallelrevolution.com.
2.  As such, all Accounts are FREE OF CHARGE until at least January 2023.  At that point we may charge for
    access to CodaEA, depending on various factors.
3.  Since we are in Beta, please be patient - we may have outages, errors, or issues with the solution.
4.  Since we are in Beta, you MUST use the TEST option in the Configuration screen.  When we are ready to
    transition to PRODUCTION, you will receive an email informing you of any details and instructions.  We will
    migrate the TEST data to PRODUCTION, so you will retain your Account and any discussions/notes stored in
    the system.  At that point, you will want to switch your environment to PRODUCTION in order to continue
    using the publicly-facing system, and TEST will become a testing bed for new functionality.

Again, for any help, feedback, or support please contact us at Discord, Telegram, and email, contact info is
also on our website.
